Psalm 69 - the chief musician set to the
Psalm 69 - the chief musician set to the lilies a psalm of David
lilies a psalm of David
lilies a psalm of David save me O God for the waters have come
save me O God for the waters have come
save me O God for the waters have come up to my neck i sink in deeper mire
up to my neck i sink in deeper mire
up to my neck i sink in deeper mire but there is no standing i have come
but there is no standing i have come
but there is no standing i have come into deep waters but the floods overflow
into deep waters but the floods overflow
into deep waters but the floods overflow me I am weary with a my crying my throat
me I am weary with a my crying my throat
me I am weary with a my crying my throat is dry my eyes fail while I wait for my
is dry my eyes fail while I wait for my
is dry my eyes fail while I wait for my god those who hate me without a cause
god those who hate me without a cause
god those who hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of my head they
are more than the hairs of my head they
are more than the hairs of my head they are mighty who would destroy me being my
are mighty who would destroy me being my
are mighty who would destroy me being my enemies wrongfully though I have stolen
enemies wrongfully though I have stolen
enemies wrongfully though I have stolen nothing I still must restore it Oh God
nothing I still must restore it Oh God
nothing I still must restore it Oh God you know my foolishness and my sins are
you know my foolishness and my sins are
you know my foolishness and my sins are not hidden from you let not those who
not hidden from you let not those who
not hidden from you let not those who wait for you O Lord God of hosts be
wait for you O Lord God of hosts be
wait for you O Lord God of hosts be ashamed because of me let not those who
ashamed because of me let not those who
ashamed because of me let not those who seek you be confounded because of me
seek you be confounded because of me
seek you be confounded because of me o God of Israel because for your sake
o God of Israel because for your sake
o God of Israel because for your sake I have borne reproach shame has covered
I have borne reproach shame has covered
I have borne reproach shame has covered my face I have become a stranger to my
my face I have become a stranger to my
my face I have become a stranger to my brothers and an alien to my mother's
brothers and an alien to my mother's
brothers and an alien to my mother's children
children
children because zeal for your house has eaten me
because zeal for your house has eaten me
because zeal for your house has eaten me up and the reproaches of those who
up and the reproaches of those who
up and the reproaches of those who reproach you have fallen on me when I
reproach you have fallen on me when I
reproach you have fallen on me when I wept and chastened my soul with fasting
wept and chastened my soul with fasting
wept and chastened my soul with fasting that became my reproach
that became my reproach
that became my reproach I also made sackcloth my garment I
I also made sackcloth my garment I
I also made sackcloth my garment I became a byword to them those who sit in
became a byword to them those who sit in
became a byword to them those who sit in the gate speak against me and I am a
the gate speak against me and I am a
the gate speak against me and I am a song of the drunkards but as for me my
song of the drunkards but as for me my
song of the drunkards but as for me my prayer is to you O Lord
prayer is to you O Lord
prayer is to you O Lord in the acceptable time o God in the
in the acceptable time o God in the
in the acceptable time o God in the multitude of your mercy hear me in the
multitude of your mercy hear me in the
multitude of your mercy hear me in the truth of your salvation deliver me out
truth of your salvation deliver me out
truth of your salvation deliver me out of the mire and let me not sink let me
of the mire and let me not sink let me
of the mire and let me not sink let me be delivered from those who hate me and
be delivered from those who hate me and
be delivered from those who hate me and out of the deep waters let not the flood
out of the deep waters let not the flood
out of the deep waters let not the flood water overflow me nor let the deep
water overflow me nor let the deep
water overflow me nor let the deep swallow me up and that not the pit shut
swallow me up and that not the pit shut
swallow me up and that not the pit shut its mouth on me hear me O Lord for your
its mouth on me hear me O Lord for your
its mouth on me hear me O Lord for your loving kindness is good turn to me
loving kindness is good turn to me
loving kindness is good turn to me according to the multitude of your
according to the multitude of your
according to the multitude of your tender mercies and do not hide your face
tender mercies and do not hide your face
tender mercies and do not hide your face from your servant for I am in trouble
from your servant for I am in trouble
from your servant for I am in trouble hear me speedily draw near to my soul
hear me speedily draw near to my soul
hear me speedily draw near to my soul and redeem it deliver me because of my
and redeem it deliver me because of my
and redeem it deliver me because of my enemies you know my reproach my shame
enemies you know my reproach my shame
enemies you know my reproach my shame and my dishonor my adversaries are all
and my dishonor my adversaries are all
and my dishonor my adversaries are all before you reproach has broken my heart
before you reproach has broken my heart
before you reproach has broken my heart and I am full of heaviness I looked for
and I am full of heaviness I looked for
and I am full of heaviness I looked for someone to take pity
someone to take pity
someone to take pity but there was none
but there was none
but there was none and for comforters but I found none they
and for comforters but I found none they
and for comforters but I found none they also gave me golf for my food and for my
also gave me golf for my food and for my
also gave me golf for my food and for my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink let
thirst they gave me vinegar to drink let
thirst they gave me vinegar to drink let their table become a snare before them
their table become a snare before them
their table become a snare before them and their well being a trap let their
and their well being a trap let their
and their well being a trap let their eyes be darkened so that they do not see
eyes be darkened so that they do not see
eyes be darkened so that they do not see and make their loins shake continually
and make their loins shake continually
and make their loins shake continually pour out your indignation upon them and
pour out your indignation upon them and
pour out your indignation upon them and let your wrathful anger take hold of
let your wrathful anger take hold of
let your wrathful anger take hold of them let their dwelling place be
them let their dwelling place be
them let their dwelling place be desolate let no one live in their tents
desolate let no one live in their tents
desolate let no one live in their tents for they persecute the ones you have
for they persecute the ones you have
for they persecute the ones you have struck and talk of the grief of those
struck and talk of the grief of those
struck and talk of the grief of those you have wounded add iniquity to their
you have wounded add iniquity to their
you have wounded add iniquity to their iniquity and let them not come into your
iniquity and let them not come into your
iniquity and let them not come into your righteousness let them be blotted out of
righteousness let them be blotted out of
righteousness let them be blotted out of the book of the living and not be
the book of the living and not be
the book of the living and not be written with the righteous but I am poor
written with the righteous but I am poor
written with the righteous but I am poor and sorrowful let your salvation O God
and sorrowful let your salvation O God
and sorrowful let your salvation O God set me up on high
set me up on high
set me up on high I will praise the name of God with a
I will praise the name of God with a
I will praise the name of God with a song and will magnify him with
song and will magnify him with
song and will magnify him with Thanksgiving this also shall please the
Thanksgiving this also shall please the
Thanksgiving this also shall please the Lord better than an ox or bull which has
Lord better than an ox or bull which has
Lord better than an ox or bull which has horns and hooves the humble shall see
horns and hooves the humble shall see
horns and hooves the humble shall see this and be glad and you who seek God
this and be glad and you who seek God
this and be glad and you who seek God your hearts shall live for the Lord
your hearts shall live for the Lord
your hearts shall live for the Lord hears the poor and does not despise his
hears the poor and does not despise his
hears the poor and does not despise his prisoners let heaven and earth praise
prisoners let heaven and earth praise
prisoners let heaven and earth praise Him a sees in everything that moves in
Him a sees in everything that moves in
Him a sees in everything that moves in them for God will save Zion and build
them for God will save Zion and build
them for God will save Zion and build the cities of Judah that they may dwell
the cities of Judah that they may dwell
the cities of Judah that they may dwell there and possess it also the
there and possess it also the
there and possess it also the descendants of his servants shall
descendants of his servants shall
descendants of his servants shall inherit it and those who love his name
inherit it and those who love his name
inherit it and those who love his name shall dwell in it
shall dwell in it
shall dwell in it [Music]